So after you have an install go ahead and launch Visual Studio 2017 when you launch the application
you should be greeted with a screen that looks like this.
And this can be a very very daunting application if you've never used it before.
But the good news is it's like Photoshop like it's very complicated.
It can do amazing things but you're not going to use like half the features for a very long time if
ever.
So don't let that get to you but let's just jump right into this.
We're going to go out and create our new project here so we're going to go to file a new project inside
of here.
You should be greeted with something more or less similar to this you may have less depending on your
install it doesn't really matter but you will have this visual C-Sharp with the web selection.
So if you have that select you're going to see that you can create two different web sites using a high
speed net.
There's the dot net core that I talked about in the previous video and then there's the typical framework
for Microsoft operating systems.
This video tutorial is all about dot net core which is cross-platform so that's what we want to use.
Also I have a tutorials net core folder that I'm going to be putting my application into I'm just going
to call this first application so that I can easily tell the difference as we go through samples.
And this first application here is great and we're going to put that into the net core.
You can have these two options selected if you wanted to.
But this is all and this is all beyond the scope of this tutorial here as far as you know get repositories
and things like that.
So we're not going to worry about that one.
OK now this is going to go and create a bunch of scaffolding.
Once we select what type of application we want so we're greeted with all this information here and
this is a lot of information we're going to start with just an empty.
But what I want you to pay attention to is this.
Make sure you have the dotnet core frameworks selected and the latest version so you can see I have
multiple versions there that I can choose from.
Don't worry about Doc or we're not going to worry about Doc and he might as well have configure HTP
us in there in case you do try to go live with your web site and you need encryption.
And then as far as the authentication we're not going to worry about that right now.
So just go ahead and click OK.
This will have a bunch of standard like startup code that Microsoft will give you out of the box that's
going to run an actual working website.
And in the next video we will talk about the actual structure of the code.